Lab08 docs (#61)
replicatedhq/kots-field-labs: labs/lab08-airgap-lite/README.md

#### Building an Airgap Release

> By default, only the Stable and Beta channels will automatically build Air Gap bundles. Alternatively you have two options to create an airgap release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only the Stable and Beta channels will automatically build Air Gap bundles. For other channels, you have two options to create an airgap release:
```

> - manually build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manually build from the "Release History" view for a channel
```
